Im gonna write a blog about all the great things i can do with my hands that isn't being cracked at Cyber Sec, when im not typing away at my Crtl+C and Crtl+V, im pondering and picking my next project, what can i make just because i want to, i jump from one point to another like a something aratha.

One of my beloved hobbies has got to be woodwork, one of the oldest and most time hardended of the bunch woodwork has been something ive been atempting to be good at for a while and recently, i impress myself with the ammount of correct first decsions i make in a project, my choice of words "first correct decesions" is a skill that i belive is hard to practice as it is the colomonation of a lot of little steps, but is an excellent way to summarize and test them.

being a poor uni student, which is only my fault for spending too much time doing woodwork. i will go search for free wood every now and then, either facebook marketplace or a skip bin as we might call them here in WA, i disassemble old furnitrue and process the timber to retrive usable wood, i've become quite astained from using pine for a project while its still good wood, its just far to soft and the time that i put into a project id hope to have a nice finished product.

while my poor choice in materials werent a great start, im not so hopeless for an entrage of tools, i would say i have just about everyone standard tool you would see in a shed, but i certainly dont have big shop machines that you might see in a woodwork shop, tools like a planar, table saw, jointer, standing band saw, while i know the names of these tools, i have never had the oportunity of using these, but i make my way through using few specicles hand tools. All and all togther my journey of woodwork, has been everly exciting, bringing me the ability to fix and make, but also the negative mindset that i can fix and make anything.

This hobby is difficult and challegas you to use what you've got, using your intuntion will only get you so far, plenty of knowledge exiests on the internet, with correct pre-planning and correct safety percutation takens, woodwork can be a very satisfiying hobby also the hundreds dollers of tools you'll need to get started. Plenty of options exiest to get started in woodwork for cheap, and its a culture in my life, that will always take the cheapest option to get into a new hobby, this allows me to discover so many low level aspects of the hobby that open up all the wonderfull newoences.
